{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green200\blue201;\red26\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c82353\c82745;\cssrgb\c13333\c14510\c16078;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a system/program that will increase our sales.\
\
Identify and utilize ai. tools capable of identifying customers located in the United States using or searching for our company products based on (competitor customers, event participants, our company customer history, individual search history, athlete forum users, etc..). Auto generate contact with those potential customers identified using ai. generated emails, texts, videos, chat forum inputs and social media - to generate sales.\
\
We will pay subscription costs for the ai. platforms used and the actual costs for any approved ads ie. Facebook, Instagram, etc.\
\
We are an established company(s) (2016) with established products in the cycling, triathlon and running business. We sell direct to consumer through two Shopify websites and currently do not utilize salespersons. We have been mildly successful selling though founder interactions with athletic forums, product reviews, interviews, articles and word of mouth from satisfied customers.\
\
The successful entity/person knows how to use all the new ai. tools and platforms, set up a virtual marketing department and using those tools - generate sales for our company.}